---
id: processdesign
title: Process Design Explaination
---

Our process is segmented into 3 areas/parts, broken down into Part I (RNP2 production), Part II (RNP4 production), and Part III (PDMS production). This explanation of the process design is directly correlated with the supplementary process flow diagrams. Each part is taken as a separate entity here and the materials and utility are all explained. Our overall view diagram collects all these parts into one cohesive flow.

Looking at Part 1 first, we see that this portion of our process plant has the actual input of the user/patient sample nucleotides, which are of the variants A,G,U,C. All of these nucleotides are input dissolved in water (W) and their input flow is indicated in streams 12-15. Once mixed in mixer A to be homogenous with the recycle stream 9 (explained subsequently), the materials are passed down in stream 2 to our first Reactor B, which carries out the R1 reaction to produce our crRNA component. Ten percent of the nucleotide reactants are remained unreacted in this reactor and continue on down with the newly produced crRNA 2 in stream 3 to our membrane separator, Separator C, where the nucleotides (and their solvent H2O) are passed into stream 7 as the crRNA 2 and its H2O solvent move down through stream 4. The returning nucleotides and water go into the splitter M and return into the first mixer A (via stream 9), with a recycle ratio of 0.7 to maximise their repeated usage and mitigate the limitations of the reaction. The outgoing crRNA 2 in stream 4 is homogenized with Cas13a (solvent H2O) in another mixer D and moved to our second Reactor E. We finally output RNP2 dissolved in H2O from this reaction using Reaction 2, which is sent to the receptacle where it will have a total concentration of 50nM. Part 2 is the exact same process as process 1, with obviously different relative quantities of the incoming nucleotides. Our output from Part 2 is the RNP4. Both the output of Part I and II, RNP2 and RNP4, are stored and delivered separately to the final customer, alongside with reporter ssRNA molecules delivered separately as well. 

In Part 3, we have the incoming streams 6 and 24 bringing in RNP2 and RNP4 respectively. From stream 31, the patient sample containing the RNA is brought in cumulatively to the mixer F. Once homogenized, this stream with 3 components is sent to part 4, which is the portion of the test that is done in-situ and collectively determines COVID-19 positivity status. Our Part 4 is included as an explanation for the processes that take place in the controlled environment with accommodation for reporting characteristics. Incoming RNA, and ribonucleoprotein complexes 2/4 are reacted to facilitate the higher eukaryotes and prokaryotes nucleotide-binding, and produce the (HEPN) domain. This complex helps break down any single-stranded RNA and is eventually separated for the simultaneous operations of R5 and R6. With R5 allowing for the direct cleavage of the reporter molecule from the ribonucleoprotein complexes (intra-complex binding is assumed to be absent), and R6 allowing for cleavage from the HEPN domain containing complex, we carry out these asynchronous processes. Both reactions involve the mixing and homogenization with an incoming reporter system, which allow for photosensitive detection using the phone camera, we allow both R5 and R6 to proceed unfettered. Both reactions produce some quantity of abstract units of a and b quantities, which are detected as signals and help in the relativistic determination of detecting presence. Our output from both prongs of this testing mechanism is simply the relative and measurable quantity of signals and the byproducts of the reaction, simply the RNP complexes in R5 and the HEPN domain-containing-complex in R6.

In part III, we manufacture test receptacles that will ultimately house our testing biomolecules.  We utilise a silicate-based casing design that involves the use of the PDMS molecule. Constructed as simply a one-step reaction environment, the PDMS is taken into a heat-based plastic shaper (with constraints of imperfect utilization), and we output our desired well-based unit, which can house the samples in the form of individual receptacles. We determined that 1.7mm thickness between each receptacle for a 100-well unit. The 1.7mm thickness allows for conservation of materials while allowing easy handling. Each receptacle will have a volume of 40uL with an internal dimension of 2mm x 2mm x 10mm. A 100-well unit would have a volume of 13522.973 mm3 , which is 13.05grams. Accounting for the 3% of mass lost, we find that we need to feed in 13.45grams of PDMS per 100-well unit.  We have a maximum utilisation of 35uL of the maximum 40, occupying this volume of our RNP complexes, reporter molecule and patient sample RNA. This is the sample size for the calculations as well.

For the separation system that allows us to have a perfect separation of one component from another in the stream with a difference of 100 in molar mass, we can utilise the systematic removal of water. The difference in molar masses allow for weight based/gravitational separation as well as techniques such as visual-inspection chromatography. In our separator systems labelled in the diagrams, this allows us to single out W components as dissolution mediums rather than some additive ones.

Parts 1 and 2 involve the use of a recycle mechanism that allows for the unreacted nucleotides from the reaction 1 to be reutilised repeatedly to allow for maximization. The recycle ratio is set to 0.7, a quantity that is used for our calculations and specifically is multiplied by stream 7 to see what quantities we have left in stream 9 after .3 of stream 7 is purged out via stream 8. Having this recycle stream cuts down our costs slightly (which will be more impactful the larger our population is) and decreases our waste of nucleotides per test from 9.722 x 10-12gmol/min to 2.92 x 10-12gmol/min (scaled from 5.556gmol/min to 1.667gmol/min multiplied by 1.75 x 10-12). 
